chore: Replace LandingPageListSubpages with SubpagesWithSummaries macro (#37162)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/macros/other/index.md

#### Lists of subpages

- [`ListSubpages`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/kumascript/macros/ListSubpages.ejs) generates an unordered list of links to all the immediate children of the current page; useful for automatically generating tables of contents for sets of documentation.

> - [`SubpagesWithSummaries`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/kumascript/macros/SubpagesWithSummaries.ejs) outputs a two-column definition list of all immediate subpages of the current page, with their titles as the {{HTMLElement("dt")}} and their SEO summary as the {{HTMLElement("dd")}}. This makes it easy to automatically generate reasonably attractive landing pages.

Author: ```suggestion
- [`SubpagesWithSummaries`](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/kumascript/macros/SubpagesWithSummaries.ejs) constructs a definition list of all the immediate children of the current page, with their titles as the {{HTMLElement("dt")}} and their SEO summary as the {{HTMLElement("dd")}}. This makes it easy to automatically generate reasonably attractive landing pages.
```
